{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red202\green207\blue211;
\red202\green207\blue211;\red199\green203\blue211;\red39\green40\blue50;\red32\green79\blue153;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c83003\c84598\c85921;
\cssrgb\c83104\c84702\c85921;\cssrgb\c81961\c83529\c85882;\cssrgb\c20392\c20784\c25490;\cssrgb\c16078\c39216\c66667;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12660\viewh11160\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Final Project\
\
Name: Tristin Houston\
\cb2 \
Description: 
\fs26 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 A\strokec5  solo project focused on developing a program to manage rhinoceros preservation data. The program will offer a user-friendly interface to input and update information about the current rhinoceros population, births, and potential deaths. You aim to include geographical data to track their locations, pending your learning of map/graph creation techniques. This project aligns with your circumstances as a commuter with work commitments, allowing you to work independently without hindering anyone else.\
\
Pip-installable modules: Folium (for the map of Kenya) \
\
Json import required \
\
\
\
Instructions:  Run program.  Input \'911\'92 to add a new entry to the rhinoceros directory.  Input \'912\'92 to save your input to the directory (.json file).  If you would like to see the full list of rhinoceros and their information, input \'913\'92 to load the data from the .json file, then input \'914\'92 to display all their records.  Input \'915\'92 if you wish to remove a rhinoceros from the directory, after you\'92ve loaded the data.  Selecting a rhino to delete requires you to input a number ranging from 0-5+ depending on if you add more than I have.  Input \'916\'92 to display the current total population record.  And \'917\'92 to exit.  \
\
\
Testing information:  I repetitively tested by inputting a rhino and it\'92s information and making sure it first saved to rhino_data.json.  Then when it finally stuck in the file I moved on to adding multiple rhinos.  I noticed that the file would get written over every single time I re-opened my program or saved a new rhino, so I tested for a fix and figured it out.  Extensively tested to make sure my list would load, save, and display by playing around with the inputs. \
\
Defect:  I don\'92t believe there are any.  My program hasn\'92t displayed any errors since my extensive testing (crossing-fingers)\
\
\
Citations:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs32 \cf6 \cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 Sheldrick Wildlife Trust. (n.d.). Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.sheldrickwildlifetrust.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf8 \strokec8 https://www.sheldrickwildlifetrust.org}}.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 Save the Rhino International. (n.d.). Rhino Population Figures. Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.savetherhino.org/rhino-info/population-figures/"}}{\fldrslt \cf8 \strokec8 https://www.savetherhino.org/rhino-info/population-figures/}}.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb7 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec6 The Rhino Orphanage. (n.d.). Retrieved from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://therhinoorphanage.org/"}}{\fldrslt \cf8 \strokec8 https://therhinoorphanage.org/}}.\cb1 \
}